Here is a well-structured and complete example of a Type document that includes a title page, a table of contents, and sections for an introduction, background, algorithm, and conclusion, along with a “Listings” section that includes a table of figures and a sample table.



Copy block


title: "Document Title"
author: "Author Name"
date: "2023-10-05"

toc()

section "Introduction"
  paragraph "This is the introduction section. It provides an overview of the topic and sets the stage for the rest of the document."
section "Background"
  paragraph "This section gives background information on the subject, helping the reader understand the context and relevance of the topic."
section "Algorithm"
  paragraph "Here, the algorithm or methodology is described in detail. This section explains how the solution is implemented."
section "Conclusion"
  paragraph "The conclusion summarizes the key points and findings of the document, offering insights and potential future work."

section "Listings"
  subsection "Table of Figures"
    query("figure") {
      foreach(fig in figures) {
        paragraph fig.name
      }
    }
  subsection "Table"
    table {
      row { "Header 1", "Header 2" }
      row { "Data 1", "Data 2" }
    }
Key Features:
Title Page: The title, author, and date fields define the document’s metadata.
Table of Contents: The toc() function is used to generate the table of contents based on the sections and subsections.
Sections:
Introduction, Background, Algorithm, and Conclusion are structured as logical sections.
Listings Section:
Table of Figures: A query("figure") block is used to dynamically list all figures in the document. This is a placeholder for a more advanced implementation.
Sample Table: A basic table block is included to demonstrate how to add a table to the document.
Notes:
The query("figure") is a placeholder and should be adapted based on how you define and mark figures in your document.
The table block can be expanded with more rows or columns as needed.
This structure is a good starting point for organizing content in a Type document, with the flexibility to add more elements like figures, lists, or other blocks as required.